The information contained in this document prepared by Adwait Artha
LLP. (hereinafter referred to as AAL) is furnished to the recipient, on his/
her specific request and for information purpose only. In no way, this
document should be treated as a marketing material or efforts to solicit a
client. The sole purpose of this document is to furnish factual information
about AAL’s profile.
While we have made every attempt to ensure that the information
contained in this document is true, AAL, its partners and/or any of its
employees does not give any warranty, express or implied, including the
warranty of opinions expressed for a particular purpose, or assume any
liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of
any information available from this document.
The recipient of this document specifically agrees and acknowledges that
all proprietary rights in the information available on this document for all
times shall remain the property of AAL. Reproduction, redistribution and
transmission of any information obtained from this document is strictly
prohibited. AAL shall not be liable for any claims or losses of any nature,
arising directly or indirectly from use of the data or material or any
information in this document.
Use of this document is confirmation that you understand and accept these
terms.

Table of Contents
ABOUT US
 SYNOPSIS
 WHY Adwait Artha
 PARTNERS
 PEOPLE/CLIENTS
SERVICES
 IPO/SME IPO ADVISORY
 ASSURANCE/AUDIT
 LEGAL/VETTING/DRAFTING
 LOAN SYNDICATION
 APPEARANCE
AND
REPRESENTATION
BEFORE
NCLT/REGIONAL DIRECTOR/ROC
 COMPANY
LAW/SECRETARIAL
SERVICES
 FINANCIAL
STATEMENT
ADVISORY

SYNPOSIS
The Firm “Adwait Artha LLP” (“AAL”), is in the field of fund raising,
equity capital market (IPO’s) primary market or secondary market, debt
syndication, corporate law, finance, management audit, budgeting, legal
drafting and other related areas. The Firm’s clientele is located all over
Gujarat, Maharashtra and overseas at USA, Netherland, Singapore
etc.,. The firm is providing niche solutions to its valued clients who adhere
to and believe in compliances as the firm believes in principle of “Birds
of same flock grows together”. AAL has a team of dedicated and
experienced professionals, with hand on experience of handling
challenges for the opportunities comes to the firm in Indian context. The
fact that highly qualified, talented and experienced professionals with
diversified areas of experience makes the firm indispensable advisor for
its corporate clients. The firm’s approach is pragmatic and collaborative,
underpinned by specialist expertise. Each team member of the firm uses
his/her insight and experience to provide substantial, sustained
improvement in performance and consequently well deserved satisfied
services to its service users.
Revered for our professional ethos and technical expertise, drawn on
perspicacity of almost 23 years and a team of highly competent
professionals, we provide efficacious solutions to our client’s needs,
running into deep engagements. Our philosophy is of partnering with our
clients and not being a distant service provider. Since businesses are
inherently different, we tailor our services to meet client’s specific needs
and banish the ‘one-size-fits-all’ standardization.
We recruit, train, motivate and retain highly capable and sharpest talent,
who bring quality in their work and deliver the best solutions.

WHY " A A L"


Ability to provide multi-disciplinary services
AAL, through its multi-disciplinary team of professionals possessing a vast
amount of experience, has the expertise required to provide a wide gamut of
services under one roof. We can ably handle assignments of any complexity
levels, which require sound knowledge of different functional areas and in-depth
understanding of several industries.



Diverse client base
Our differentiation is derived from performance-based, industry-tailored and
technology enabled business solutions delivered by our professionals. As a result,
AAL has developed a strong competitive presence in all its focus sectors. Our
client base includes industry leaders from high growth sectors such as
Pharmaceuticals, Information Technology and Business Process Outsourcing,
Coal, Chemical and Infrastructure, Plastic, Engineering Sector as well as
traditional sectors such as hospitality, Manufacturing and other service sector.



Strong client relationships
AAL's focus has been building strong client relationships through consistency of
service and we strive to achieve the excellence through commitment given to our
clients. During the tenure of our association with our valued client we tried our
best to adhere to Corporate standard and serve and render best quality, timely and
competitive fund raising advisory services in a given time frame.

Our philosophy, principles and values are so strongly weaved in our culture fabric
that our beliefs are shared amongst all and which helps us earn our client’s trust and
respect.

PARTNERS:Sandip Sheth

FCS, LLb (Sp)

He is founder promoter and having 23 years of experience in fund rasing, planning,
valuation, Corporate Laws, Secretarial, Legal, Drafting, accounts, banking and
finance. He has been instrumental in helping many corporate in preparation of
MIS, cost reduction & cost control and cost system set up. He has professional
acumen of advising clients on data analysis, cost estimates, cash budgets, finalizing
cost of project and advising on organizing means of finance which includes equity
fund raising activities. His ability of interpreting and drafting in law,
communication, liasioning with various government, semi-government,
autonomous bodies, banks and other regulatory authorities caters the need of the
firm's clientele.

Prashant Prajapati

ACS

He is having 14 years of experience in Company Law, FEMA, SEBI and other
Corporate Laws. He is having in depth knowledge and expertise in eXtensible
Business Reporting Language, drafting and vetting of various agreements, letters,
and contracts, liasoning with various Government Departments like, Customs,
Registrar of Companies and Director General of Foreign Trade, drafting of
Petitions, reply, rejoinder, sur-joinder in the matters of Oppression and
Mismanagement, etc. and other event based and annual secretarial compliances of
private, closely held public limited Companies and Listed Companies. He usually
look after the firm's clients Corporate Law Compliances, various statutory
securities audit prescribed under Companies Act, SEBI and Due Diligence by RBI.
He has also hands on experience in managing day to day advisory in corporate
affairs including NBFC Company. He possesses excellent communication skills
with drafting, finalization of annual reports, filling with MCA, vetting of various
documents and liasion with ROC, RD, RTA and government agencies.

FIRM'S GOODWILL - OUR CLIENTS:Lists of some of our valued clients:
1. Stovec Industries Limited (Listed MNC) Stork Group, Netherland
2. Accent Microcell Limited (Listed NSE Emerge)
3. Bosch Rexroth (India) Private Limited., German Indian Subsidiary
4. Highly Electrical Appliances India Pvt Ltd., MNC-Hitachi Group
5. Magson Retail & Distributors Limited (NSE Emerge)
6. Diamines & Chemicals Limited, Baroda (Listed, NSE/BSE)
7. Silver Touch Technologies Limited, (Listed –NSE/BSE)
8. Royal Arc Electrodes Limited, (Mumbai based Engineering Company)
9. Maahi Milk Producer Company Limited (NDDB Initiative)
10. Mahavir Inducto-melt Private Limited, Bhavnagar Ship Breaking Group
11. Sheetal Motors Pvt Ltd., & Gara Autozone Pvt Ltd., (Mahindra and Volvo dealer)
12. Brand Aid Pvt. Ltd., Ahmedabad. (Corporate event Mgt and Media)
13. Advatech Group (Mehsana Based Chemical/Glassil group)
14. Aneta Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd
15. JB Group of Hotels (Restaurants/Banquets/Hotels/Catering)
16. Rajkamal Builders Infrastructure Private Limited.,
17. Polo plus Pipes Private Limited, Surendranagar
18. Pan-Asia Petroleum Private Limited., Silvassa
19. Pellucid Lifesciences Private Limited., Pharma Company, Kadi
20. Swarnim Gujarat Fluorspar Private Limited
21. Mangalmurti Polymers Pvt Ltd., (Plastic/Engineering Segment)
22. DACL Finechem Limited, Vadodara

MAGNITUDE OF FIRM'S SERVICES:I. I P O/ SME IPO ADVISORY:
The firm deals with clients as strategic partner in structuring its fund raising
requirement, planning, designing, finalising end use of fund raising along with
inviting strategic partners, investors, funds in pre IPO platform, valuation and tie up
with various agencies involved in IPO and put the company on right platform
through IPO listing.
II. LEGAL DRAFTING, AUDIT AND ASSURANCE:The exposure in drafting of legal documents like Shareholders Agreements, Joint
Venture Agreements, LLP Agreements and legal documents for government
companies, JV Companies, and other aided services gives an added advantage to
client. We also carry out legal and financial due diligence, search reports for banks,
due diligence report for Corporate in compliance with RBI requirement, Secretarial
Audit, advising, providing assistance, drafting policies and procedure for set up of
Corporate Social Responsibility. The Corporate Governance compliance, its SOP set
up and its audit on annual basis is USP of the firm.
III. APPEARANCE BEFORE VARIOUS LAW TRIBUNALS/FORUMS:
To get the approval from various statutory forums like ROC, Regional Directors
office, Office of Official Liquidator and appearance before the National Company
Law Tribunal requires appearances, presentation and liasion with such department
which the firm possess unique ability to perform at their best within the given time
frame and critically review and make presentation with such authorities makes the
firm different from peer professional firms.

IV. CORPORATE LAW/SECRETARIAL :In the field of Corporate Law, the scope of work would be to assist the companies
(Pvt. Ltd./ Public Limited/Section 8 Companies and Listed Companies) in
compliance with all provisions of the corporate law and related laws on a best effort
basis. The firm provides advisory services in handling Board Meeting, Annual
General Meeting whether physically or through e-means live video conference or
through electronic voting (e-voting) and even performs the role as scrutinizers for
carrying out such voting process including postal ballot process.
V. LOAN SYNDICATION, RESTRUCTURING AND PROJECT FINANCE:
In the field of Finance, the firm's scope of work would be to assist various corporates
in organizing Term Loan and Working Capital Finance and other structured loan
facilities (fund based and non fund based) including funding in Foreign currency
from Institution/ Banks for proposed project/ going concern on a best effort basis,
with advisory and assistance in structuring the project and means of finance,
identifying, evaluating and prioritizing potential sources of Term Loan and Working
Capital financing for the Corporate. Assisting in preparation of detailed project
report for presenting to financial institution and bankers and carrying out the
appraisal, co-ordinating with the Financing institution / bankers in obtaining the
sanction/s of the term loan and working capital loan and in disbursement process
including co-ordination with various agencies for completing security creation
favouring the financing agency/ies.
VI. FINANCIAL STATEMENT ADVISORY/STRUCTURING/RESTRUCTURING:
The Firm's strength lies in its partner's ability to advise on presentation of financial
statement, its advisory on how the financial of the client's shall be presented in
annual statement, disclosure requirements, Governance compliance, transparency
and assist and advising client on structuring and restructuring of financial on need
based requirement and request of the clients.

Contact Details:
Sandip Sheth
Address: 518, Anand Mangal – III, Opp. Core House,
Rajnagar Club Lane, Ambawadi, Ahmedabad - 380006
Website: www.ssacs.in
Office: +91-79-40305119
Mr. Sandip Sheth
Email: sandip@ssacs.in
Mobile: + 91-98240 25590
Mr. Prashant Prajapati
Email: prashant@ssacs.in
Mobile: + 91- 99249 17161

